END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR MICROSOFT 
SOFTWARE

MICROSOFT WINDOWS XP PROFESSIONAL EDITION 
SERVICE PACK 3

IMPORTANT-READ CAREFULLY: This End-User 
License Agreement ('EULA') is a legal 
agreement between you (either an individual 
or a single entity) and Microsoft Corporation 
or one of its affiliates ('Microsoft') for 
the Microsoft software that accompanies this 
EULA, which includes computer software and 
may include associated media, printed 
materials, 'online' or electronic 
documentation, and Internet-based services 
('Software'). An amendment or addendum to 
this EULA may accompany the Software. 

Some of the terms have changed since the 
initial release of Windows XP Service Pack 2. 
The changes include:

* additional information about the 
validation functions of the Software, which 
determine whether the Software is counterfeit,
improperly licensed or a non-genuine Windows 
product

* additional privacy disclosures about 
Internet-based services

This list highlights some of those changes. 
The terms below govern your use of the 
Software.

YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS 
EULA BY INSTALLING, COPYING, OR OTHERWISE 
USING THE SOFTWARE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO 
NOT INSTALL, COPY, OR USE THE SOFTWARE; YOU 
MAY RETURN IT TO YOUR PLACE OF PURCHASE FOR A 
FULL REFUND, IF APPLICABLE.

1. GRANT OF LICENSE. Microsoft grants you 
the following rights provided that you comply 
with all terms and conditions of this EULA:

 1.1 Installation and use. You may install, 
use, access, display and run one copy of the 
Software on a single computer, such as a 
workstation, terminal or other device 
('Workstation Computer'). The Software may 
not be used by more than two (2) processors 
at any one time on any single Workstation 
Computer.

 1.2 Mandatory Activation. Activation 
associates the use of the Software with a 
specific Workstation Computer. During 
activation, the Software will send 
information about the Software and the 
Workstation Computer to Microsoft. This 
information includes the version, language 
and product key of the Software, the Internet 
protocol address of the Workstation Computer, 
and information derived from the hardware 
configuration of the Workstation Computer. 
For more information, see http://go.microsoft.
com/fwlink/?Linkid=103743. By using the 
Software, you consent to the transmission of 
this information. If properly licensed, you 
have the right to use the version of the 
Software installed during the installation 
process up to a period of 30 days permitted 
for activation. Unless the Software is 
activated, you have no right to use the 
Software after the time permitted for 
activation. This is to prevent its unlicensed 
use. You are not permitted to bypass or 
circumvent activation. If the Workstation 
Computer is connected to the Internet, the 
Software may automatically connect to 
Microsoft for activation. You can also 
activate the Software manually by Internet or 
telephone. If you do so, Internet and 
telephone service charges may apply. Some 
changes to your computer components or the 
Software may require you to reactivate the 
Software. The Software will remind you to 
activate it until you do.

1.3 Device Connections. You may permit a 
maximum of ten (10) computers or other 
electronic devices (each a 'Device') to 
connect to the Workstation Computer to 
utilize one or more of the following services 
of the Software: File Services, Print 
Services, Internet Information Services, 
Internet Connection Sharing and telephony 
services. The ten connection maximum includes 
any indirect connections made through 
'multiplexing' or other software or hardware 
which pools or aggregates connections. This 
ten connection maximum does not apply to 
other uses of the Software, such as 
synchronizing data between a Device and the 
Workstation Computer, provided only one user 
uses, accesses, displays or runs the Software 
at any one time. This Section 1.3 does not 
grant you rights to access a Workstation 
Computer Session from any Device. A 'Session' 
means any use of the Software that enables 
functionality similar to that available to an 
end user who is interacting with the 
Workstation Computer through any combination 
of input, output and display peripherals. 

 1.4 Remote Desktop/Remote 
Assistance/NetMeeting. The Software contains 
Remote Desktop, Remote Assistance, and 
NetMeeting technologies that enable the 
Software or applications installed on the 
Workstation Computer (sometimes referred to 
as a host device) to be accessed remotely 
from other Devices. You may use the 
Software's Remote Desktop feature (or other 
software which provides similar functionality 
for a similar purpose) to access a 
Workstation Computer Session from any Device 
provided you acquire a separate Software 
license for that Device. As an exception to 
this rule, the person who is the single 
primary user of the Workstation Computer may 
access a Workstation Computer Session from 
any Device without acquiring an additional 
Software license for that Device. When you 
are using Remote Assistance or NetMeeting (or 
other software which provides similar 
functionality for a similar purpose) you may 
share a Session with other users without any 
limit on the number of Device connections and 
without acquiring additional licenses for the 
Software. For Microsoft and non-Microsoft 
applications, you should consult the license 
agreement accompanying the applicable 
software or contact the applicable licensor 
to determine whether use of the software with 
Remote Desktop, Remote Assistance, or 
NetMeeting is permitted without an additional 
license. 

1.5 Storage/Network Use. You may also store 
or install a copy of the Software on a 
storage device, such as a network server, 
used only to install or run the Software on 
your other Workstation Computers over an 
internal network; however, you must acquire 
and dedicate an additional license for each 
separate Workstation Computer on or from 
which the Software is installed, used, 
accessed, displayed or run. Except as 
otherwise permitted by the NetMeeting and 
Remote Assistance features described above, a 
license for the Software may not be shared or 
used concurrently on different Workstation 
Computers. 

1.6 Validation. The Software may check 
periodically whether a properly licensed copy 
of the Software is installed. Validation may 
be required for certain Microsoft software to 
be downloaded, installed or used. If you have 
a properly licensed copy of the Software 
installed, you receive special benefits, see 
http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=39157. 
If the software detects that a properly 
licensed copy of the Software is not 
installed, you will receive a notification 
and periodic reminders to install a properly 
licensed copy of the Software. During or 
after a validation check, the Software may 
send information about the Software, the 
device and the results of the validation 
check to Microsoft. This information includes,
for example, the version and product key of 
the Software, any unauthorized changes made 
to the validation, licensing or activation 
functions of the Software, any related 
malicious or unauthorized software found and 
the Internet protocol address of the device. 
Microsoft does not use the information to 
identify or contact you. By using the 
Software, you consent to the transmission of 
this information. For more information about 
validation and what is sent during or after a 
validation check, see http://go.microsoft.
com/fwlink/?Linkid=96551.

2. INTERNET-BASED SERVICES. Microsoft 
provides Internet-based services with the 
Software. It may change or cancel them at any 
time. 

 2.1 Consent for Internet-Based Services. 
The software features described below in 
section 2.2 and in the Privacy Statement 
connect to Microsoft or service provider 
computer systems over the Internet. In some 
cases, you will not receive a separate notice 
when they connect. You may switch off these 
features or not use them. For more 
information about these features, see the 
Privacy Statement at http://go.microsoft.
com/fwlink/?Linkid=103743. By using these 
features, you consent to the transmission of 
this information. Microsoft does not use the 
information to identify or contact you.

 2.2 Computer Information. The following 
features use Internet protocols, which send 
to the appropriate systems computer 
information, such as your Internet protocol 
address, the type of operating system, 
browser and name and version of the software 
you are using, and the language code of the 
Workstation Computer where you installed the 
software. Microsoft uses this information to 
make the Internet-based services available to 
you.

· Plug and Play. You may connect new 
hardware to your Workstation Computer. Your 
Workstation Computer may not have the drivers 
needed to communicate with that hardware. If 
so, the update feature of the software can 
obtain the correct driver from Microsoft and 
install it on your Workstation Computer. An 
administrator can disable this update feature.


· Windows Update. To enable the proper 
functioning of the Windows Update service in 
the Software (if you use it), updates or 
downloads to the Windows Update service will 
be required from time to time and downloaded 
and installed without further notice to you.

· Web Content Features. Under the Software's 
default configuration, if you are connected 
to the Internet, several features of the 
Software are enabled by default to retrieve 
content from Microsoft computer systems and 
display it to you. When you activate such a 
feature, it uses standard Internet protocols, 
which transmit the type of operating system, 
browser and language code of your Workstation 
Computer to the Microsoft computer system so 
that the content can be viewed properly from 
your Workstation Computer. These features 
only operate when you activate them, and you 
may choose to switch them off or not use them.
Examples of these features include Windows 
Catalog, Search Assistant, and the Headlines 
and Search features of Help and Support 
Center.

· Digital Certificates. The Software uses 
digital certificates based on the x.509 
standard. These digital certificates confirm 
the identity of Internet users sending x.509 
standard encrypted information. The software 
retrieves certificates and updates 
certificate revocation lists. These security 
features operate only when you use the 
Internet.

· Auto Root Update. The Auto Root Update 
feature updates the list of trusted 
certificate authorities. You can switch off 
the Auto Root Update feature.

· Windows Media Player. Some features of 
Windows Media Player automatically contact 
Microsoft computer systems if you use Windows 
Media Player or specific features of it: 
features that (A) check for new codecs if 
your Workstation Computer does not have the 
correct ones for content you attempt to play 
(this feature may be switched off), and (B) 
check for new versions of Windows Media 
Player (this feature will operate only when 
you are using Windows Media Player).

· Windows Media Digital Rights Management. 
Content providers are using the digital 
rights management technology for Windows 
Media contained in this Software ('WM-DRM') 
to protect the integrity of their content 
("Secure Content") so that their intellectual 
property, including copyright, in such 
content is not misappropriated. Portions of 
this Software and third party applications 
such as media players use WM-DRM to play 
Secure Content ('WM-DRM Software'). If the WM-
DRM Software's security has been compromised, 
owners of Secure Content ("Secure Content 
Owners") may request that Microsoft revoke 
the WM-DRM Software's right to copy, display 
and/or play Secure Content. Revocation does 
not alter the WM-DRM Software's ability to 
play unprotected content. A list of revoked 
WM-DRM Software is sent to your Workstation 
Computer whenever you download a license for 
Secure Content from the Internet. Microsoft 
may, in conjunction with such license, also 
download revocation lists onto your 
Workstation Computer on behalf of Secure 
Content Owners. Secure Content Owners may 
also require you to upgrade some of the WM-
DRM components in this Software ('WM-DRM 
Upgrades') before accessing their content. 
When you attempt to play such content, WM-DRM 
Software built by Microsoft will notify you 
that a WM-DRM Upgrade is required and then 
ask for your consent before the WM-DRM 
Upgrade is downloaded. WM-DRM Software built 
by third parties may do the same. If you 
decline the upgrade, you will not be able to 
access content that requires the WM-DRM 
Upgrade; however, you will still be able to 
access unprotected content and Secure Content 
that does not require the upgrade. WM-DRM 
features that access the Internet, such as 
acquiring new licenses and/or performing a 
required WM-DRM Upgrade, can be switched off. 
When these features are switched off, you 
will still be able to play Secure Content if 
you have a valid license for such content 
already stored on your Workstation Computer.

 2.3 Use of Information. Microsoft may use 
the computer information to improve our 
software and services. We may also share it 
with others, such as hardware and software 
vendors. They may use the information to 
improve how their products run with Microsoft 
software.

 2.4 Misuse of Internet-based Services. You 
may not use these services in any way that 
could harm them or impair anyone else's use 
of them. You may not use the services to try 
to gain unauthorized access to any service, 
data, account or network by any means.

3. RESERVATION OF RIGHTS AND OWNERSHIP. 
Microsoft reserves all rights not expressly 
granted to you in this EULA. The Software is 
protected by copyright and other intellectual 
property laws and treaties. Microsoft or its 
suppliers own the title, copyright, and other 
intellectual property rights in the Software. 
The Software is licensed, not sold.

4. LIMITATIONS ON REVERSE ENGINEERING, 
DECOMPILATION, AND DISASSEMBLY. You may not 
reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble 
the Software, except and only to the extent 
that such activity is expressly permitted by 
applicable law notwithstanding this 
limitation.

5. NO RENTAL/COMMERCIAL HOSTING. You may not 
rent, lease, lend or provide commercial 
hosting services with the Software.

6. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES. You may link 
to third party sites through the use of the 
Software. The third party sites are not under 
the control of Microsoft, and Microsoft is 
not responsible for the contents of any third 
party sites, any links contained in third 
party sites, or any changes or updates to 
third party sites. Microsoft is not 
responsible for webcasting or any other form 
of transmission received from any third party 
sites. Microsoft is providing these links to 
third party sites to you only as a 
convenience, and the inclusion of any link 
does not imply an endorsement by Microsoft of 
the third party site.

7. ADDITIONAL SOFTWARE/SERVICES. This EULA 
applies to updates, supplements, add-on 
components, product support services, or 
Internet-based services components, of the 
Software that you may obtain from Microsoft 
after the date you obtain your initial copy 
of the Software, unless you accept updated 
terms or another agreement governs. Microsoft 
reserves the right to discontinue any 
Internet-based services provided to you or 
made available to you through the use of the 
Software.

8. UPGRADES. To use Software identified as 
an upgrade, you must first be licensed for 
the software identified by Microsoft as 
eligible for the upgrade. After upgrading, 
you may no longer use the software that 
formed the basis for your upgrade eligibility.


9. NOT FOR RESALE SOFTWARE. Software 
identified as 'Not For Resale' or 'NFR,' may 
not be sold or otherwise transferred for 
value, or used for any purpose other than 
demonstration, test or evaluation.

10. ACADEMIC EDITION SOFTWARE. To use 
Software identified as 'Academic Edition' or 
'AE,' you must be a 'Qualified Educational 
User.' For qualification-related questions, 
please contact the Microsoft Sales 
Information Center/One Microsoft Way/Redmond, 
WA 98052-6399 or the Microsoft subsidiary 
serving your country.

11. NOTICES REGARDING THE MPEG-4 VISUAL 
STANDARD. The Software includes MPEG-4 visual 
decoding technology. This technology is a 
format for data compression of video 
information. For this technology, MPEG LA, L.
L.C. requires this notice: 

USE OF THIS PRODUCT IN ANY MANNER THAT 
COMPLIES WITH THE MPEG-4 VISUAL STANDARD IS 
PROHIBITED, EXCEPT FOR USE DIRECTLY RELATED 
TO (A) DATA OR INFORMATION (i) GENERATED BY 
AND OBTAINED WITHOUT CHARGE FROM A CONSUMER 
NOT THEREBY ENGAGED IN A BUSINESS ENTERPRISE, 
AND (ii) FOR PERSONAL USE ONLY; AND (B) OTHER 
USES SPECIFICALLY AND SEPARATELY LICENSED BY 
MPEG LA, L.L.C. 

If you have questions regarding this notice, 
please contact MPEG LA, L.L.C., 250 Steele 
Street, Suite 300, Denver, Colorado 80206; 
Telephone 303 331.1880; FAX 303 331.1879; 
<http://www.mpegla.com>.

12. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. You acknowledge 
that the Software is subject to U.S. export 
jurisdiction. You agree to comply with all 
applicable international and national laws 
that apply to the Software, including the U.S.
Export Administration Regulations, as well as 
end-user, end-use, and destination 
restrictions issued by U.S. and other 
governments. For additional information see 
<http://www.microsoft.com/exporting/>.

13. END USER PROOF OF LICENSE. If you 
acquired the Software on a compact disc or 
other media, a genuine Microsoft 'Proof of 
License' label with a genuine copy of the 
software identifies a licensed copy of the 
Software. To be valid, the label must appear 
on Microsoft software packaging. If you 
receive the label separately, it is invalid. 
You should keep the packaging that has the 
label on it to prove that you are licensed to 
use the Software.

14. SOFTWARE TRANSFER. Internal. You may 
move the Software to a different Workstation 
Computer. After the transfer, you must 
completely remove the Software from the 
former Workstation Computer. Transfer to 
Third Party. The initial user of the Software 
may make a one-time permanent transfer of 
this EULA and Software to another end user, 
provided the initial user retains no copies 
of the Software. This transfer must include 
the Software and the Proof of License label. 
The transfer may not be an indirect transfer, 
such as a consignment. Prior to the transfer, 
the end user receiving the Software must 
agree to all the EULA terms.

15. TERMINATION. Without prejudice to any 
other rights, Microsoft may terminate this 
EULA if you fail to comply with the terms and 
conditions of this EULA. In such event, you 
must destroy all copies of the Software and 
all of its component parts.

16. NOTICE REGARDING SECURITY. To help 
protect against breaches of security and 
malicious software, periodically back up your 
data and system information, use security 
features such as firewalls, and install and 
use security updates.

17. LIMITED WARRANTY FOR software ACQUIRED 
IN THE US AND CANADA. 

Microsoft warrants that the Software will 
perform substantially in accordance with the 
accompanying materials for a period of ninety 
(90) days from the date of receipt. 

If an implied warranty or condition is 
created by your state/jurisdiction and 
federal or state/provincial law prohibits 
disclaimer of it, you also have an implied 
warranty or condition, BUT ONLY AS TO DEFECTS 
DISCOVERED DURING THE PERIOD OF THIS LIMITED 
WARRANTY (NINETY DAYS). AS TO ANY DEFECTS 
DISCOVERED AFTER THE NINETY-DAY PERIOD, THERE 
IS NO WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND. Some 
states/jurisdictions do not allow limitations 
on how long an implied warranty or condition 
lasts, so the above limitation may not apply 
to you.

Any supplements or updates to the Software, 
including without limitation, any (if any) 
service packs or hot fixes provided to you 
after the expiration of the ninety day 
Limited Warranty period are not covered by 
any warranty or condition, express, implied 
or statutory.

LIMITATION ON REMEDIES; NO CONSEQUENTIAL OR 
OTHER DAMAGES. Your exclusive remedy for any 
breach of this Limited Warranty is as set 
forth below. Except for any refund elected by 
Microsoft, YOU ARE NOT ENTITLED TO ANY 
DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, if the Software does 
not meet Microsoft's Limited Warranty, and, 
to the maximum extent allowed by applicable 
law, even if any remedy fails of its 
essential purpose. The terms of Section 19 
('Exclusion of Incidental, Consequential and 
Certain Other Damages') are also incorporated 
into this Limited Warranty. Some 
states/jurisdictions do not allow the 
exclusion or limitation of incidental or 
consequential damages, so the above 
limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. 
This Limited Warranty gives you specific 
legal rights. You may have other rights which 
vary from state/jurisdiction to 
state/jurisdiction. YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY. 
Microsoft's and its suppliers' entire 
liability and your exclusive remedy for any 
breach of this Limited Warranty or for any 
other breach of this EULA or for any other 
liability relating to the Software shall be, 
at Microsoft's option from time to time 
exercised subject to applicable law, (a) 
return of the amount paid (if any) for the 
Software, or (b) repair or replacement of the 
Software, that does not meet this Limited 
Warranty and that is returned to Microsoft 
with a copy of your receipt. You will receive 
the remedy elected by Microsoft without 
charge, except that you are responsible for 
any expenses you may incur (e.g. cost of 
shipping the Software to Microsoft). This 
Limited Warranty is void if failure of the 
Software has resulted from accident, abuse, 
misapplication, abnormal use or a virus. Any 
replacement Software will be warranted for 
the remainder of the original warranty period 
or thirty (30) days, whichever is longer, and 
Microsoft will use commercially reasonable 
efforts to provide your remedy within a 
commercially reasonable time of your 
compliance with Microsoft's warranty remedy 
procedures. Outside the United States or 
Canada, neither these remedies nor any 
product support services offered by Microsoft 
are available without proof of purchase from 
an authorized international source. To 
exercise your remedy, contact: Microsoft, 
Attn. Microsoft Sales Information Center/One 
Microsoft Way/Redmond, WA 98052-6399, or the 
Microsoft subsidiary serving your country. 

18. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. The Limited 
Warranty that appears above is the only 
express warranty made to you and is provided 
in lieu of any other express warranties or 
similar obligations (if any) created by any 
advertising, documentation, packaging, or 
other communications. Except for the Limited 
Warranty and to the maximum extent permitted 
by applicable law, Microsoft and its 
suppliers provide the Software and support 
services (if any) AS IS AND WITH ALL FAULTS, 
and hereby disclaim all other warranties and 
conditions, whether express, implied or 
statutory, including, but not limited to, any 
(if any) implied warranties, duties or 
conditions of merchantability, of fitness for 
a particular purpose, of reliability or 
availability, of accuracy or completeness of 
responses, of results, of workmanlike effort, 
of lack of viruses, and of lack of negligence,
all with regard to the Software, and the 
provision of or failure to provide support or 
other services, information, software, and 
related content through the Software or 
otherwise arising out of the use of the 
Software. ALSO, THERE IS NO WARRANTY OR 
CONDITION OF TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, QUIET 
POSSESSION, CORRESPONDENCE TO DESCRIPTION OR 
NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE.

19. EXCLUSION OF INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL 
AND CERTAIN OTHER DAMAGES. To the maximum 
extent permitted by applicable law, in no 
event shall Microsoft or its suppliers be 
liable for any special, incidental, punitive, 
indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever 
(including, but not limited to, damages for 
loss of profits or confidential or other 
information, for business interruption, for 
personal injury, for loss of privacy, for 
failure to meet any duty including of good 
faith or of reasonable care, for negligence, 
and for any other pecuniary or other loss 
whatsoever) arising out of or in any way 
related to the use of or inability to use the 
SOFTWARE, the provision of or failure to 
provide Support OR OTHER Services, informaton,
software, and related CONTENT through the 
software or otherwise arising out of the use 
of the software, or otherwise under or in 
connection with any provision of this EULA, 
even in the event of the fault, tort 
(including negligence), misrepresentation, 
strict liability, breach of contract or 
breach of warranty of Microsoft or any 
supplier, and even if Microsoft or any 
supplier has been advised of the possibility 
of such damages. 

20. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND REMEDIES. 
Notwithstanding any damages that you might 
incur for any reason whatsoever (including, 
without limitation, all damages referenced 
herein and all direct or general damages in 
contract or anything else), the entire 
liability of Microsoft and any of its 
suppliers under any provision of this EULA 
and your exclusive remedy hereunder (except 
for any remedy of repair or replacement 
elected by Microsoft with respect to any 
breach of the Limited Warranty) shall be 
limited to the greater of the actual damages 
you incur in reasonable reliance on the 
Software up to the amount actually paid by 
you for the Software or US$5.00. The 
foregoing limitations, exclusions and 
disclaimers (including Sections 17, 18, and 
19) shall apply to the maximum extent 
permitted by applicable law, even if any 
remedy fails its essential purpose.

21. U.S. GOVERNMENT LICENSE RIGHTS. All 
Software provided to the U.S. Government 
pursuant to solicitations issued on or after 
December 1, 1995 is provided with the 
commercial license rights and restrictions 
described elsewhere herein. All Software 
provided to the U.S. Government pursuant to 
solicitations issued prior to December 1, 
1995 is provided with 'Restricted Rights' as 
provided for in FAR, 48 CFR 52.227-14 (JUNE 
1987) or DFAR, 48 CFR 252.227-7013 (OCT 1988),
as applicable. 

22. APPLICABLE LAW. If you acquired this 
Software in the United States, this EULA is 
governed by the laws of the State of 
Washington. If you acquired this Software in 
Canada, unless expressly prohibited by local 
law, this EULA is governed by the laws in 
force in the Province of Ontario, Canada; and,
in respect of any dispute which may arise 
hereunder, you consent to the jurisdiction of 
the federal and provincial courts sitting in 
Toronto, Ontario. If you acquired this 
Software in the European Union, Iceland, 
Norway, or Switzerland, then local law 
applies. If you acquired this Software in any 
other country, then local law may apply. 

23. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; SEVERABILITY. This 
EULA (including any addendum or amendment to 
this EULA which is included with the 
Software) is the entire agreement between you 
and Microsoft relating to the Software and 
the support services (if any) and they 
supersede all prior or contemporaneous oral 
or written communications, proposals and 
representations with respect to the Software 
or any other subject matter covered by this 
EULA. To the extent the terms of any 
Microsoft policies or programs for support 
services conflict with the terms of this EULA,
the terms of this EULA shall control. If any 
provision of this EULA is held to be void, 
invalid, unenforceable or illegal, the other 
provisions shall continue in full force and 
effect.

Si vous avez acquis votre produit Microsoft 
au CANADA, la garantie limitée suivante vous 
concerne :

GARANTIE LIMITÉE

Microsoft garantit que le Logiciel 
fonctionnera conformément aux documents 
inclus pendant une période de 90 jours 
suivant la date de réception.

Si une garantie ou condition implicite est 
créée par votre État ou votre territoire et 
qu'une loi fédérale ou provinciale ou État en 
interdit le déni, vous jouissez également 
d'une garantie ou condition implicite, MAIS 
UNIQUEMENT POUR LES DÉFAUTS DÉCOUVERTS DURANT 
LA PÉRIODE DE LA PRÉSENTE GARANTIE LIMITÉE 
(QUATRE-VINGT-DIX JOURS). IL N'Y A AUCUNE 
GARANTIE OU CONDITION DE QUELQUE NATURE QUE 
CE SOIT QUANT AUX DÉFAUTS DÉCOUVERTS APRES 
CETTE PÉRIODE DE QUATRE-VINGT-DIX JOURS. 
Certains États ou territoires ne permettent 
pas de limiter la durée d'une garantie ou 
condition implicite de sorte que la 
limitation ci-dessus peut ne pas s'appliquer 
à vous.

Tous les suppléments ou toutes les mises à 
jour relatifs au Logiciel, notamment, les 
ensembles de services ou les réparations à 
chaud (le cas échéant) qui vous sont fournis 
après l'expiration de la période de quatre-
vingt-dix jours de la garantie limitée ne 
sont pas couverts par quelque garantie ou 
condition que ce soit, expresse ou implicite.

LIMITATION DES RECOURS; ABSENCE DE DOMMAGES 
INDIRECTS OU AUTRES. Votre recours exclusif 
pour toute violation de la présente garantie 
limitée est décrit ci-après. Sauf pour tout 
remboursement au choix de Microsoft, si le 
Logiciel ne respecte pas la garantie limitée 
de Microsoft et, dans la mesure maximale 
permise par les lois applicables, même si 
tout recours n'atteint pas son but essentiel, 
VOUS N'AVEZ DROIT A AUCUNS DOMMAGES, 
NOTAMMENT DES DOMMAGES INDIRECTS. Les 
modalités de la clause "Exclusion des 
dommages accessoires, indirects et de 
certains autres dommages " sont également 
intégrées à la présente garantie limitée. 
Certains États ou territoires ne permettent 
pas l'exclusion ou la limitation des dommages 
indirects ou accessoires de sorte que la 
limitation ou l'exclusion ci-dessus peut ne 
pas s'appliquer à vous. La présente garantie 
limitée vous donne des droits légaux 
spécifiques. Vous pouvez avoir d'autres 
droits qui peuvent varier d'un territoire ou 
d'un État à un autre. VOTRE RECOURS EXCLUSIF. 
L'obligation intégrale de Microsoft et de ses 
fournisseurs et votre recours exclusif seront,
selon le choix de Microsoft de temps à autre 
sous réserve de toute loi applicable, a) le 
remboursement du prix payé, le cas échéant, 
pour le Logiciel ou b) la réparation ou le 
remplacement du Logiciel qui ne respecte pas 
la présente garantie limitée et qui est 
retourné à Microsoft avec une copie de votre 
reçu. Vous recevrez la compensation choisie 
par Microsoft, sans frais, sauf que vous êtes 
responsable des dépenses que vous pourriez 
engager (p. ex., les frais d'envoi du 
Logiciel à Microsoft). La présente garantie 
limitée est nulle si la défectuosité du 
Logiciel est causée par un accident, un usage 
abusif, une mauvaise application, un usage 
anormal ou un virus. Tout Logiciel de 
remplacement sera garanti pour le reste de la 
période de garantie initiale ou pendant 
trente (30) jours, selon la plus longue entre 
ces deux périodes. A l'extérieur des États-
Unis ou du Canada, ces recours ou l'un 
quelconque des services de soutien technique 
offerts par Microsoft ne sont pas disponibles 
sans preuve d'achat d'une source 
internationale autorisée. Pour exercer votre 
recours, vous devez communiquer avec 
Microsoft et vous adresser au Microsoft Sales 
Information Center/One Microsoft Way/Redmond, 
WA 98052-6399, ou à la filiale de Microsoft 
de votre pays.

DÉNI DE GARANTIES. La garantie limitée 
mentionnée ci-dessus constitue la seule 
garantie expresse qui vous est donnée et 
remplace toutes autres garanties expresses 
(s'il en est) mentionnées dans un document ou 
sur un emballage. Sauf en ce qui a trait à la 
garantie limitée et dans la mesure maximale 
permise par les lois applicables, le Logiciel 
et les services de soutien technique (le cas 
échéant) sont fournis TELS QUELS ET AVEC TOUS 
LES DÉFAUTS par Microsoft et ses fournisseurs,
lesquels par les présentes dénient toutes 
autres garanties et conditions expresses, 
implicites ou en vertu de la loi, notamment 
(le cas échéant) les garanties, devoirs ou 
conditions implicites de qualité marchande, 
d'adaptation à un usage particulier, 
d'exactitude ou d'exhaustivité des réponses, 
des résultats, des efforts déployés selon les 
règles de l'art, d'absence de virus et de 
négligence, le tout à l'égard du Logiciel et 
de la prestation des services de soutien 
technique ou de l'omission d'une telle 
prestation. PAR AILLEURS, IL N'Y A AUCUNE 
GARANTIE OU CONDITION QUANT AU TITRE DE 
PROPRIÉTÉ, A LA JOUISSANCE OU LA POSSESSION 
PAISIBLE, A LA CONCORDANCE A UNE DESCRIPTION 
NI QUANT A UNE ABSENCE DE CONTREFAÇON 
CONCERNANT LE LOGICIEL.

EXCLUSION DES DOMMAGES ACCESSOIRES, 
INDIRECTS ET DE CERTAINS AUTRES DOMMAGES. 
DANS LA MESURE MAXIMALE PERMISE PAR LES LOIS 
APPLICABLES, EN AUCUN CAS MICROSOFT OU SES 
FOURNISSEURS NE SERONT RESPONSABLES DES 
DOMMAGES SPÉCIAUX, CONSÉCUTIFS, ACCESSOIRES 
OU INDIRECTS DE QUELQUE NATURE QUE CE SOIT 
(NOTAMMENT, LES DOMMAGES A L'ÉGARD DU MANQUE 
A GAGNER OU DE LA DIVULGATION DE 
RENSEIGNEMENTS CONFIDENTIELS OU AUTRES, DE LA 
PERTE D'EXPLOITATION, DE BLESSURES 
CORPORELLES, DE LA VIOLATION DE LA VIE PRIVÉE,
DE L'OMISSION DE REMPLIR TOUT DEVOIR, Y 
COMPRIS D'AGIR DE BONNE FOI OU D'EXERCER UN 
SOIN RAISONNABLE, DE LA NÉGLIGENCE ET DE 
TOUTE AUTRE PERTE PÉCUNIAIRE OU AUTRE PERTE 
DE QUELQUE NATURE QUE CE SOIT) SE RAPPORTANT 
DE QUELQUE MANIERE QUE CE SOIT A 
L'UTILISATION DU LOGICIEL OU A L'INCAPACITÉ 
DE S'EN SERVIR, A LA PRESTATION OU A 
L'OMISSION D'UNE TELLE PRESTATION DE SERVICES 
DE SOUTIEN TECHNIQUE OU AUTREMENT AUX TERMES 
DE TOUTE DISPOSITION DU PRÉSENT EULA OU 
RELATIVEMENT A UNE TELLE DISPOSITION, MEME EN 
CAS DE FAUTE, DE DÉLIT CIVIL (Y COMPRIS LA 
NÉGLIGENCE), DE RESPONSABILITÉ STRICTE, DE 
VIOLATION DE CONTRAT OU DE VIOLATION DE 
GARANTIE DE MICROSOFT OU DE TOUT FOURNISSEUR 
ET MEME SI MICROSOFT OU TOUT FOURNISSEUR A 
ÉTÉ AVISÉ DE LA POSSIBILITÉ DE TELS DOMMAGES.

LIMITATION DE RESPONSABILITÉ ET RECOURS. 
Malgré les dommages que vous puissiez subir 
pour quelque motif que ce soit (notamment, 
tous les dommages susmentionnés et tous les 
dommages directs ou généraux), l'obligation 
intégrale de Microsoft et de l'un ou l'autre 
de ses fournisseurs aux termes de toute 
disposition du présent EULA et votre recours 
exclusif à l'égard de tout ce qui précède 
(sauf en ce qui concerne tout recours de 
réparation ou de remplacement choisi par 
Microsoft à l'égard de tout manquement à la 
garantie limitée) se limite au plus élevé 
entre les montants suivants : le montant que 
vous avez réellement payé pour le Logiciel ou 
5,00 $US. Les limites, exclusions et dénis 
qui précèdent (y compris les clauses ci-
dessus), s'appliquent dans la mesure maximale 
permise par les lois applicables, même si 
tout recours n'atteint pas son but essentiel.

La présente Convention est régie par les 
lois de la province d'Ontario, Canada. 
Chacune des parties à la présente reconnaît 
irrévocablement la compétence des tribunaux 
de la province d'Ontario et consent à 
instituer tout litige qui pourrait découler 
de la présente auprès des tribunaux situés 
dans le district judiciaire de York, province 
d'Ontario.

Au cas où vous auriez des questions 
concernant cette licence ou que vous désiriez 
vous mettre en rapport avec Microsoft pour 
quelque raison que ce soit, veuillez 
contacter la succursale Microsoft desservant 
votre pays, dont l'adresse est fournie dans 
ce produit, ou écrivez à : Microsoft Sales 
Information Center, One Microsoft Way, 
Redmond, Washington 98052-6399.

The following MICROSOFT GUARANTEE applies to 
you if you acquired this Software in any 
other country: 

Statutory rights not affected - The 
following guarantee is not restricted to any 
territory and does not affect any statutory 
rights that you may have from your reseller 
or from Microsoft if you acquired the 
Software directly from Microsoft. If you 
acquired the Software or any support services 
in Australia, New Zealand or Malaysia, please 
see the 'Consumer rights' section below. 

The guarantee - The Software is designed and 
offered as a general-purpose software, not 
for any user's particular purpose. You accept 
that no Software is error free and you are 
strongly advised to back-up your files 
regularly. Provided that you have a valid 
license, Microsoft guarantees that a) for a 
period of 90 days from the date of receipt of 
your license to use the Software or the 
shortest period permitted by applicable law 
it will perform substantially in accordance 
with the written materials that accompany the 
Software; and b) any support services 
provided by Microsoft shall be substantially 
as described in applicable written materials 
provided to you by Microsoft and Microsoft 
support engineers will use reasonable efforts,
care and skill to solve any problem issues. 
In the event that the Software fails to 
comply with this guarantee, Microsoft will 
either (a) repair or replace the Software or 
(b) return the price you paid. This guarantee 
is void if failure of the Software results 
from accident, abuse or misapplication. Any 
replacement Software will be guaranteed for 
the remainder of the original guarantee 
period or 30 days, whichever period is longer.
You agree that the above guarantee is your 
sole guarantee in relation to the Software 
and any support services. 

Exclusion of All Other Terms - To the 
maximum extent permitted by applicable law 
and subject to the guarantee above, Microsoft 
disclaims all warranties, conditions and 
other terms, either express or implied 
(whether by statute, common law, collaterally 
or otherwise) including but not limited to 
implied warranties of satisfactory quality 
and fitness for particular purpose with 
respect to the Software and the written 
materials that accompany the Software. Any 
implied warranties that cannot be excluded 
are limited to 90 days or to the shortest 
period permitted by applicable law, whichever 
is greater.

Limitation of Liability - To the maximum 
extent permitted by applicable law and except 
as provided in the Microsoft Guarantee, 
Microsoft and its suppliers shall not be 
liable for any damages whatsoever (including 
without limitation, damages for loss of 
business profits, business interruption, loss 
of business information or other pecuniary 
loss) arising out of the use or inability to 
use the Software, even if Microsoft has been 
advised of the possibility of such damages. 
In any case Microsoft's entire liability 
under any provision of this Agreement shall 
be limited to the amount actually paid by you 
for the Software. These limitations do not 
apply to any liabilities that cannot be 
excluded or limited by applicable laws. 

Consumer rights - Consumers in Australia, 
New Zealand or Malaysia may have the benefit 
of certain rights and remedies by reason of 
the Trade Practices Act and similar state and 
territory laws in Australia, the Consumer 
Guarantees Act in New Zealand and the 
Consumer Protection Act in Malaysia in 
respect of which liability cannot lawfully be 
modified or excluded. If you acquired the 
Software in New Zealand for the purposes of a 
business, you confirm that the Consumer 
Guarantees Act does not apply. If you 
acquired the Software in Australia and if 
Microsoft breaches a condition or warranty 
implied under any law which cannot lawfully 
be modified or excluded by this agreement 
then, to the extent permitted by law, 
Microsoft's liability is limited, at 
Microsoft's option, to: (i) in the case of 
the Software: a) repairing or replacing the 
Software; or b) the cost of such repair or 
replacement; and (ii) in the case of support 
services: a) re-supply of the services; or b) 
the cost of having the services supplied 
again.

Should you have any questions concerning 
this EULA, or if you desire to contact 
Microsoft for any reason, please use the 
address information enclosed in this Software 
to contact the Microsoft subsidiary serving 
your country or visit Microsoft on the World 
Wide Web at http://www.microsoft.com. 

EULAID:XPSP3_RTM_PRO_RTL_EN

